# CMC_Tutorial_Blueprint
Contains a BP implementation for creating networked movement according to Unreal Engine's UCharacterMovementComponent specifications. This makes use of a plugin from Reddy_dev, which can be found at https://github.com/Reddy-dev/SMN2.
Please note that the design pattern contained within is simply a guideline. You can and should expand upon it, or possibly even create your own design pattern using the knowledge you gained from watching the tutorials at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZZhSfkAM8k&list=PLiQCtIc_WjiSfU3LmnBxqEU2ixDFNPQ-w&pp=gAQBiAQB.
However, its strength is that it sticks to the CMC's design pattern for creating movement modes, minimising data sent to the server, and making consideration for anti-cheat (facilitating player intent, such as input, but not accepting "unsafe" variables. Remember the bWantsToDoSomething method we used in the tutorial?
The movement code implemented in this solution is basic and can likely be improved upon greatly. If you like the data asset movement mode design pattern, feel free to stick with it! However, the wall running code, etc, can all be changed to match your needs.
You might even notice some recurring code patterns, like adding cooldowns and timers, checking for whether or not we can perform certain actions, and so on. I added an accompanying document with information about how we go about creating movement modes, which then leads into a discussion about ability systems. 
I hope it gives you some food for thought about how you can improve your overall gameplay architecture while adhering to the networking requirements discussed in the tutorial (only if you're making a multiplayer game, of course).